Add core dump config; update key adding; add Bookworm to supported OSs (#2264)
XRPLF/xrpl-dev-portal: content/infrastructure/installation/install-rippled-on-ubuntu.md

        sudo setcap 'cap_net_bind_service=+ep' /opt/ripple/bin/rippled

9. Optional: configure core dumps

    By default Ubuntu is not configured to produce core files useful for debugging crashes.
    First run:
    

>             ulimit -c unlimited

Reviewer: For consistency and to avoid extraneous spaces in the code block when parsed, this should be indented the same as the other example (4 spaces more than the surrounding paragraph)

```suggestion
        ulimit -c unlimited
```

    
    Now run `sudo systemctl edit rippled`. The default editor should open and add

        [Service]
        LimitCORE=infinity

>     This creates `/etc/systemd/system/rippled.service.d/override.conf` saving core dumps while not interfering 
>     with the service file provided by the `rippled` package.
>     Core dumps appearing in `/var/lib/apport/coredump/` can be loaded into `gdb` with

Reviewer: We don't hard-wrap paragraph text in this repo. Also, I think this could be a little easier to follow if reworded:

```suggestion
    This creates the file `/etc/systemd/system/rippled.service.d/override.conf` and configures the OS to save core dumps, without changing the service file provided by the `rippled` package. If your server crashes, you can find the core dump in `/var/lib/apport/coredump/`. To load the core dump for inspection, use a command such as the following:
```

>         gdb <path_to_rippled> <path_to_core_file>

Reviewer: Rather than using `<path_to...>` which may be interpreted as shell syntax, I prefer to use examples that use reasonable values. On Ubuntu, we know the path to the rippled executable, so that's a good start; if you had an example of a full core dump filename that would be even better, but I think this would be an improvement:

```suggestion
        gdb /opt/ripple/bin/rippled /var/lib/apport/coredump/core
```

>     provided the `rippled-dbgsym` package has been installed. 
>     You will need permission to read files in the core dump directory.

Reviewer: In addition to not hardwrapping lines, let's also not continue sentences from before the code block. Instead:

```suggestion
    **Note:** To debug a core file this way, you must have the `rippled-dbgsym` package installed, and you need permission to read files in the core dump directory.
```
